LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
pyproject.toml
setup.py
tensorpc/__init__.py
tensorpc/__main__.py
tensorpc/__version__.py
tensorpc/compat.py
tensorpc/constants.py
tensorpc/protos_export.py
tensorpc/tools.py
tensorpc.egg-info/PKG-INFO
tensorpc.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
tensorpc.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
tensorpc.egg-info/requires.txt
tensorpc.egg-info/top_level.txt
tensorpc/apps/__init__.py
tensorpc/autossh/__init__.py
tensorpc/autossh/constants.py
tensorpc/autossh/core.py
tensorpc/autossh/coretypes.py
tensorpc/autossh/serv_names.py
tensorpc/autossh/ssh_grpc_client.py
tensorpc/autossh/task_client.py
tensorpc/autossh/media/hooks-bash-legacy.sh
tensorpc/autossh/media/hooks-bash.sh
tensorpc/autossh/scheduler/__init__.py
tensorpc/autossh/scheduler/client.py
tensorpc/autossh/scheduler/constants.py
tensorpc/autossh/scheduler/core.py
tensorpc/autossh/scheduler/task_client.py
tensorpc/autossh/scheduler/test_data.py
tensorpc/autossh/scheduler/tmux.py
tensorpc/autossh/scheduler/init_scheduler/__init__.py
tensorpc/autossh/scheduler/init_scheduler/__main__.py
tensorpc/autossh/scheduler/runtask/__init__.py
tensorpc/autossh/scheduler/runtask/__main__.py
tensorpc/autossh/services/__init__.py
tensorpc/autossh/services/scheduler.py
tensorpc/autossh/services/taskwrapper.py
tensorpc/cli/__init__.py
tensorpc/cli/cmd_rpc_call/__init__.py
tensorpc/cli/cmd_rpc_call/__main__.py
tensorpc/cli/cppls/__init__.py
tensorpc/cli/cppls/__main__.py
tensorpc/cli/cpuusage/__init__.py
tensorpc/cli/cpuusage/__main__.py
tensorpc/cli/createmsg/__init__.py
tensorpc/cli/createmsg/__main__.py
tensorpc/cli/download_file/__init__.py
tensorpc/cli/download_file/__main__.py
tensorpc/cli/free_port/__init__.py
tensorpc/cli/free_port/__main__.py
tensorpc/cli/gpuusage/__init__.py
tensorpc/cli/gpuusage/__main__.py
tensorpc/cli/iperf/__init__.py
tensorpc/cli/iperf/__main__.py
tensorpc/cli/ping/__init__.py
tensorpc/cli/ping/__main__.py
tensorpc/cli/proto_files/__init__.py
tensorpc/cli/proto_files/__main__.py
tensorpc/cli/proto_root/__init__.py
tensorpc/cli/proto_root/__main__.py
tensorpc/cli/pyls/__init__.py
tensorpc/cli/pyls/__main__.py
tensorpc/cli/pyright_launch/__init__.py
tensorpc/cli/pyright_launch/__main__.py
tensorpc/cli/start_worker/__init__.py
tensorpc/cli/start_worker/__main__.py
tensorpc/core/__init__.py
tensorpc/core/annolib.py
tensorpc/core/asyncclient.py
tensorpc/core/asyncserver.py
tensorpc/core/asynctools.py
tensorpc/core/bgserver.py
tensorpc/core/client.py
tensorpc/core/constants.py
tensorpc/core/core_io.py
tensorpc/core/dataclass_dispatch.py
tensorpc/core/defs.py
tensorpc/core/funcid.py
tensorpc/core/httpclient.py
tensorpc/core/inspecttools.py
tensorpc/core/marker.py
tensorpc/core/moduleid.py
tensorpc/core/prim.py
tensorpc/core/rprint_dispatch.py
tensorpc/core/server.py
tensorpc/core/server_core.py
tensorpc/core/serviceunit.py
tensorpc/core/tree_id.py
tensorpc/core/astex/__init__.py
tensorpc/core/astex/astcache.py
tensorpc/core/datamodel/__init__.py
tensorpc/core/datamodel/draft.py
tensorpc/core/datamodel/jmes.py
tensorpc/core/datamodel/typemetas.py
tensorpc/core/event_emitter/__init__.py
tensorpc/core/event_emitter/aio.py
tensorpc/core/event_emitter/base.py
tensorpc/core/event_emitter/call_server.py
tensorpc/core/httpservers/__init__.py
tensorpc/core/httpservers/aiohttp_file.py
tensorpc/core/httpservers/aiohttp_impl.py
tensorpc/core/httpservers/all.py
tensorpc/core/httpservers/blacksheep_impl.py
tensorpc/core/httpservers/core.py
tensorpc/core/tracers/__init__.py
tensorpc/core/tracers/calltracer.py
tensorpc/core/tracers/codefragtracer.py
tensorpc/core/tracers/core.py
tensorpc/core/tracers/targettracer.py
tensorpc/core/tracers/tracer.py
tensorpc/dbg/__init__.py
tensorpc/dbg/background.py
tensorpc/dbg/bkpt.py
tensorpc/dbg/constants.py
tensorpc/dbg/debugger.py
tensorpc/dbg/events.py
tensorpc/dbg/pth_tracer.py
tensorpc/dbg/rttracer.py
tensorpc/dbg/serv_names.py
tensorpc/dbg/tracer.py
tensorpc/dbg/apps/__init__.py
tensorpc/dbg/apps/panel.py
tensorpc/dbg/core/__init__.py
tensorpc/dbg/core/frame_id.py
tensorpc/dbg/core/sourcecache.py
tensorpc/examples/__init__.py
tensorpc/examples/tutorials.py
tensorpc/examples/ai/__init__.py
tensorpc/examples/ai/engine.py
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/01-basic/1.1-Hello World.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/01-basic/1.10-Data Model.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/01-basic/1.11-Inheritance.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/01-basic/1.12-App Context.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/01-basic/1.13-Component Context.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/01-basic/1.14-Host Resource.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/01-basic/1.15-Data List.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/01-basic/1.2-App Basic Architecture.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/01-basic/1.3-Flex Box Basic.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/01-basic/1.4-Containers.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/01-basic/1.5-Advanced Events.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/01-basic/1.6-Composite Component.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/01-basic/1.7-Advanced UI Methods.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/01-basic/1.8-Drag And Drop.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/01-basic/1.9-Reload System.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.0-Common Props.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.1-Button.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.10-Slider.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.11-Tab.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.12-Drawer.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.13-Dialog.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.14-Collapse.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.15-Chip.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.16-Progress.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.17-MenuList.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.18-JsonLikeTree.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.19-DynamicControl.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.2-Typography.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.20-VirtualizedBox.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.21-DataFlexBox.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.22-DataGrid.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.23-Special.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.24-Editor.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.25-Plotly.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.26-Map.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.27-Allotment.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.28-JsonViewer.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.29-SimpleCodeEditor.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.3-Markdown.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.30-GridLayout.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.31-IFrame.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.32-Pagination.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.33-Video Player.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.34-Breadcrumbs.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.35-Terminal.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.4-TextField.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.5-List.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.6-Select.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.7-AutoComplete.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.8-ToggleButton.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/02-components/2.9-Image.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/03-3d basic/3.1-Hello 3D World.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/03-3d basic/3.2-3D Events.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/03-3d basic/3.3-Controls.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/03-3d basic/3.4-Selection.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/03-3d basic/3.5-Views.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/03-3d basic/3.6-Resources.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/03-3d basic/3.7-Custom Shaders.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/04-3d components/4.1-Canvas.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/04-3d components/4.2-Mesh.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/04-3d components/4.3-Points.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/04-3d components/4.4-Lines.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/05-advanced/5.1-Inspector.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/05-advanced/5.2-SimpleCanvas.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/05-advanced/5.3-Perfetto.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/06-sample apps/6.1-Chat App.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/06-sample apps/6.2-Deep Learning.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/07-V Api/7.1-Basic.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/07-V Api/7.2-Events.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/07-V Api/7.3-Lines.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/07-V Api/7.4-Image.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/07-V Api/7.5-Points.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/08-flow/8.1-overview.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/08-flow/8.10-edges.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/08-flow/8.11-select and side.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/08-flow/8.12-Symbolic Flow.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/08-flow/8.2-custom node.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/08-flow/8.3-layout.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/08-flow/8.4-changenode.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/08-flow/8.5-drag and drop.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/08-flow/8.6-handles.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/08-flow/8.7-validation.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/08-flow/8.8-pane contextmenu.md
tensorpc/examples/tutorials/08-flow/8.9-node contextmenu.md
tensorpc/flow/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/client.py
tensorpc/flow/constants.py
tensorpc/flow/coretypes.py
tensorpc/flow/jsonlike.py
tensorpc/flow/marker.py
tensorpc/flow/serv_names.py
tensorpc/flow/appctx/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/appctx/canvas.py
tensorpc/flow/appctx/core.py
tensorpc/flow/appctx/inspector.py
tensorpc/flow/close_langserv/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/close_langserv/__main__.py
tensorpc/flow/components/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/components/chart.py
tensorpc/flow/components/core.py
tensorpc/flow/components/flowui.py
tensorpc/flow/components/leaflet.py
tensorpc/flow/components/mui.py
tensorpc/flow/components/terminal.py
tensorpc/flow/components/three.py
tensorpc/flow/components/threecore.py
tensorpc/flow/components/flowplus/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/components/flowplus/compute.py
tensorpc/flow/components/flowplus/core.py
tensorpc/flow/components/flowplus/customnode.py
tensorpc/flow/components/flowplus/defaultnodes.py
tensorpc/flow/components/flowplus/efg.py
tensorpc/flow/components/flowplus/processutil.py
tensorpc/flow/components/flowplus/style.py
tensorpc/flow/components/flowplus/media/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/components/flowplus/media/asynccustom_base.py
tensorpc/flow/components/flowplus/media/customnode_base.py
tensorpc/flow/components/flowplus/network/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/components/flowplus/network/defs.py
tensorpc/flow/components/flowplus/network/memory_prior.py
tensorpc/flow/components/flowplus/network/pthfx.py
tensorpc/flow/components/flowplus/network/viewer.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/arraycommon.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/arraygrid.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/canvas.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/collection.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/common.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/config.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/core.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/ctrlloop.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/figure.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/grid_preview_layout.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/monitor.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/options.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/pthcommon.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/reload_utils.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/scheduler.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/scriptmgr.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/sliders.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/styles.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/tutorials.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/vscodetracer.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/dbg/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/dbg/bkptpanel.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/dbg/dbgpanel.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/dbg/frameobj.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/dbg/framescript.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/dbg/perfetto_utils.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/dbg/traceview.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/handlers/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/handlers/common.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/handlers/gv_common.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/objinspect/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/objinspect/analysis.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/objinspect/controllers.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/objinspect/inspector.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/objinspect/inspectpanel.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/objinspect/layout.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/objinspect/reload.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/objinspect/tree.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/objinspect/treeitems.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/objview/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/objview/basic.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/objview/preview.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/objview/script.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/vis/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/vis/canvas.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/vis/core.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/vis/treeview.py
tensorpc/flow/components/plus/vis/vapi_core.py
tensorpc/flow/core/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/core/appcore.py
tensorpc/flow/core/colors.py
tensorpc/flow/core/common.py
tensorpc/flow/core/component.py
tensorpc/flow/core/context.py
tensorpc/flow/core/coretypes.py
tensorpc/flow/core/objtree.py
tensorpc/flow/core/reload.py
tensorpc/flow/flowapp/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/flowapp/app.py
tensorpc/flow/flowapp/appstorage.py
tensorpc/flow/init_langserv/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/init_langserv/__main__.py
tensorpc/flow/langserv/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/langserv/core.py
tensorpc/flow/langserv/pyls.py
tensorpc/flow/langserv/pyrightcfg.py
tensorpc/flow/runapp/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/runapp/__main__.py
tensorpc/flow/sampleapp/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/sampleapp/app.py
tensorpc/flow/sampleapp/arraygrid.py
tensorpc/flow/sampleapp/cflow.py
tensorpc/flow/sampleapp/collection.py
tensorpc/flow/sampleapp/d3.py
tensorpc/flow/sampleapp/datamodel.py
tensorpc/flow/sampleapp/file.py
tensorpc/flow/sampleapp/sample_preview.py
tensorpc/flow/sampleapp/sample_reload_fn.py
tensorpc/flow/sampleapp/trace.py
tensorpc/flow/sampleapp/v_nextgen.py
tensorpc/flow/sampleapp/tracesample/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/sampleapp/tracesample/sample.py
tensorpc/flow/serv/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/serv/common.py
tensorpc/flow/serv/core.py
tensorpc/flow/serv/flowapp.py
tensorpc/flow/serv/remote_comp.py
tensorpc/flow/serv/worker.py
tensorpc/flow/vscode/__init__.py
tensorpc/flow/vscode/coretypes.py
tensorpc/flow/vscode/storage.py
tensorpc/flow/vscode/tracer.py
tensorpc/protos/__init__.py
tensorpc/protos/arraybuf_pb2.py
tensorpc/protos/arraybuf_pb2.pyi
tensorpc/protos/arraybuf_pb2_grpc.py
tensorpc/protos/remote_object_pb2.py
tensorpc/protos/remote_object_pb2.pyi
tensorpc/protos/remote_object_pb2_grpc.py
tensorpc/protos/rpc_message_pb2.py
tensorpc/protos/rpc_message_pb2.pyi
tensorpc/protos/wsdef_pb2.py
tensorpc/protos/wsdef_pb2.pyi
tensorpc/protos_legacy/__init__.py
tensorpc/protos_legacy/arraybuf_pb2.py
tensorpc/protos_legacy/arraybuf_pb2.pyi
tensorpc/protos_legacy/remote_object_pb2.py
tensorpc/protos_legacy/remote_object_pb2_grpc.py
tensorpc/protos_legacy/rpc_message_pb2.py
tensorpc/protos_legacy/rpc_message_pb2.pyi
tensorpc/protos_legacy/wsdef_pb2.py
tensorpc/protos_legacy/wsdef_pb2.pyi
tensorpc/scheduler/__init__.py
tensorpc/scheduler/constants.py
tensorpc/serve/__init__.py
tensorpc/serve/__main__.py
tensorpc/serve/flowapp_script/__init__.py
tensorpc/serve/flowapp_script/__main__.py
tensorpc/serve_sync/__init__.py
tensorpc/serve_sync/__main__.py
tensorpc/services/__init__.py
tensorpc/services/collection.py
tensorpc/services/for_test.py
tensorpc/services/vis.py
tensorpc/services/dbg/__init__.py
tensorpc/services/dbg/rttrace.py
tensorpc/services/dbg/tools.py
tensorpc/services/flow/__init__.py
tensorpc/services/flow/core.py
tensorpc/utils/__init__.py
tensorpc/utils/address.py
tensorpc/utils/code_fmt.py
tensorpc/utils/df_logging.py
tensorpc/utils/gpuusage.py
tensorpc/utils/loader.py
tensorpc/utils/pyspyutil.py
tensorpc/utils/registry.py
tensorpc/utils/reload.py
tensorpc/utils/rich_logging.py
tensorpc/utils/subproc.py
tensorpc/utils/tb_parser.py
tensorpc/utils/typeutils.py
tensorpc/utils/uniquename.py
tensorpc/utils/wait_tools.py
tensorpc/utils/app/__init__.py
tensorpc/utils/app/process.py
tensorpc/utils/containers/__init__.py
tensorpc/utils/containers/dict_proxy.py
test/test_draft.py
test/test_tmux_scheduler.py