[console_scripts]
dice_connectome_build = dicelib.scripts.dice_connectome:connectome_build
dice_image_extract = dicelib.scripts.dice_image:image_extract
dice_image_tdi_ends = dicelib.scripts.dice_image:image_tdi_ends
dice_tractogram_assign = dicelib.scripts.dice_tractogram:tractogram_assign
dice_tractogram_cluster = dicelib.scripts.dice_tractogram:tractogram_cluster
dice_tractogram_compress = dicelib.scripts.dice_tractogram:tractogram_compress
dice_tractogram_convert = dicelib.scripts.dice_tractogram:tractogram_convert
dice_tractogram_create_tsf = dicelib.scripts.dice_tractogram:tractogram_create_tsf
dice_tractogram_filter = dicelib.scripts.dice_tractogram:tractogram_filter
dice_tractogram_indices = dicelib.scripts.dice_tractogram:tractogram_indices
dice_tractogram_info = dicelib.scripts.dice_tractogram:tractogram_info
dice_tractogram_join = dicelib.scripts.dice_tractogram:tractogram_join
dice_tractogram_join_tsf = dicelib.scripts.dice_tractogram:tractogram_join_tsf
dice_tractogram_lengths = dicelib.scripts.dice_tractogram:tractogram_lengths
dice_tractogram_locate = dicelib.scripts.dice_tractogram:tractogram_locate
dice_tractogram_resample = dicelib.scripts.dice_tractogram:tractogram_resample
dice_tractogram_sample = dicelib.scripts.dice_tractogram:tractogram_sample
dice_tractogram_sanitize = dicelib.scripts.dice_tractogram:tractogram_sanitize
dice_tractogram_shuffle = dicelib.scripts.dice_tractogram:tractogram_shuffle
dice_tractogram_smooth = dicelib.scripts.dice_tractogram:tractogram_smooth
dice_tractogram_sort = dicelib.scripts.dice_tractogram:tractogram_sort
dice_tractogram_split = dicelib.scripts.dice_tractogram:tractogram_split
